Fix gene api queries input check (#3037)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Display Gene track beneath each sample track when displaying splice junctions in igv browser

> - Check outdated gene symbols and update with aliases also for cancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check outdated gene symbols and update with aliases for both RD and cancer variantS
```

Reviewer: And feel free to edit that in the v4.4 changelog instead - that would be at least as appropriate. 😁

### Fixed

> - Fix filter variants by genes

Reviewer: Ok! Perhaps add like a comma to the line above?
